Credit
- I love you.
- I love you too.
- No!
- Why?
Why?
Seo Ji Won, 30 years old, webtoon artist
Ah, Assistant Manager Yoon, this is the final episode. The final episode!
For the price of "immortality, "forever love"
It's too cruel.
[Mina's one and only goal is "revenge"!]
Blood, lots of blood!
[Let's meet the deadline!!]
This is definitely horror.
He's a male lead who has been meeting other girls and deceiving the female lead.
There should be the choice of getting revenge on the male lead after learning the truth.
It should be killing him the moment they promise eternal love at their wedding.
There isn't any other option.
This isn't "psycho bride," appropriate for 19 and older.
You shouldn't do that.
But still, this is the climax! How can you change this?
Miss Writer, who goes crazy over love and does all that for a revenge nowadays?
We should let them go coolly. Why should we go so far as to kill them?
You should kill. You should kill so that this damned love becomes complete.
It's too old.
Youngsters aren't like that nowadays. They are very cool.
Maybe you don't know because you're thirty.
Because you're thirty. Because you're thirty.
Thirty?
- Nowadays they try...
Old?
You don't know that style, right? You should have an open mind.
Who? Who said that thirty is old?
As expected!
Hong Ah Yeong, 30 years old, operates cafe & pub "area"
2. Which age group do you belong in?
Now it's bye to my twenties too.
Here.
So? It's a novel nonsense.
It's fun. That thirty is old.
Hello. I am a new announcer, Lee Yun Sang, from the 35th class of announcers.
I am his colleague, Kim Do Hui.
35th class, already?
Ah, time flies. I am from the 27th class.
Lee Ran Ju, 30 years old, Announcer
Do a good job.
It must be nice.
I prepared for my exams watching Announcer Lee Ran Ju.
Her force is no joke. She's even cooler in person than on air.
Ah! I can't wear heels anymore.
I am going to ruin my ankles, seriously!
Ah, really!
Writer?
Okay! I'll change everything then.
Really?
Instead,
- I will have to stop writing for a while.
- Ah, seriously!
No, you can't! Who stops writing with only one final episode left to complete?!
We'll be in big trouble!
Then leave it just like this! I don't know!
Uh, I have a stiff neck!
Oh no! Writer, you're acting. You're acting?!
- You are acting. Your acting skill has improved lately.
- Assistat Manager Yoon! Assistant Manager Yoon, 911!
Ah, Assistant Manager Yoon!
Thirty, an age everyone will face one day.
Assistant Manager Yoon!
Still clumsy and strange,
we are thirty.
Episode 1: How to be Thirty
- Congrats on meeting your deadline.
- It's not something to congratulate.
You want to say that you will have a new manager, right?
It was my last request.
But you saw the reaction, right? Everyone is going nuts about how refreshingly satisfying it is.
Writer!
Ah, I heard that you had a hard time because of the demonstration.
Sorry.
Even just thinking about it...
I'm saying this because I care for you, Writer.
You really shouldn't be like that to other managers!
12th New Artist Contest
New Artist Contest
Ah, really?! I really did enter...
I think the file is not being uploaded.
The deadline was five minutes ago.
Just this once... can you please check just once, please?
It's Seo Ji Won.
It's entry number 3006. Ah, really?!
Yes, it's that one. Thank you. Thank you so much!
Writer?
Did you remember the old days?
No, I was just...
Miss Writer, you know the proposal you sent me last time?
What proposal?
You know, the romance comic about reuniting with the first love.
- Ah! What about it?
- It was approved.
He said it's perfect for the new project he is about to launch.
He said to start the serial right away.
That?
Why choose this out of everything?
Like a Watercolor
Oh! Look at these dialogues. What should I do now?
I wrote these? No way!
I didn't, right?
Why would they approve this? Why?
"Don't like me."
Ugh!!
"What is that?"
"Don't like me."
"How exactly do you do that?"
Oh my, what do I do? Ew!
Writer.
- You're here.
- Yes.
Why are you alone?
What a shame! You made an effort coming here to meet the new manager, but he can't be here because something came up.
Oh is that it?
It can't be helped.
Writer! Do you know that?
The new manager is totally sold on your new proposal.
Our CEO put in real effort to recruit him.
This proposal...
Assistant Manager Yoon, I thought about it carefully.
How about we do something else other than this? I can't—
Sorry.
Hello.
I really don't have the confidence to do the next project.
Ah, Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu.
Yes. Assistant Manager Yoon, did you eat?
I'm sorry. I'm supposed to be there, but I couldn't go.
Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu?
It couldn't possibly be that Lee Seung Yu, right?
No.
It's not possible.
There are so many people with the same name in this world.
Seo Ji Won.
Let's go together.
Da capo
Are you okay?
You heard the name Lee Seung Yu once and let your imagination run wild?
If it's to that extent, then it's your fantasy, my friend.
Hey! What do you mean by fantasy?
I mean, does it even make sense that you'd meet your first love again as your manager?
Those kinds of coincidences only happen in dramas.
But do you guys know that
dramas don't lie?
Oh my, then were you expecting to be able to work and have a romance too? Like buy one get one free deal?
- Oh, our Writer Seo is ambitious.
- I was just imagining, that's all.
Saying "I like you" to each other in high school...
is something like that considered love?
Everyone, there is no love in this world even when you share yourself emotionally and physically with someone.
That's why... it's a romance comic.
- Exactly.
- We're thirty now.
Don't you think that we need at least "29"?
(T/N: Korean adult books/videos are rated "19")
I don't understand how she actually became an announcer. Her words are way too harsh.
Don't be too hard on her. She is doing only one radio program.
How can an announcer have a phobia of cameras?
Hey! You're the really pitiful one.
The guy you dated for two years cheated on you with a girl he went out with for just three months.
Yes, he really was a bastard, to whom Hong Ah Yeong gave up her twenties.
That's enough. Is there anyone here who feels free when it comes to men?
Specialize in scumbags.
- I missed you!
- You waited for a long time, right?
Specialize in bastards.
You're like a puppy.
He was a real bastard!
And... trash.
Me?
Why? The guys I met were pretty decent.
No, not the men,
- I'm talking about you.
- Hey!
Please go out with me.
So annoying.
I agree.
- I agree.
- As for me, I'm sick of men now.
Then why are you dreaming of meeting your first love again?
I just imagined it, okay?
Ah, I don't need anything! I will make this cafe a success and season two of my life!
I will make a colorful leap!
Oh, our President Hong, you are something else.
Then, in season two of my life, I should just experience an awesome love with an awesome guy.
Then, what could be our Writer Seo's goal?
Goal? Well...
Well, you know me. I'm a well-known writer who works on one webtoon after another.
Would there be a need for a goal?
- You'll have to stop me, or I'll really end up killing her today.
- Don't come near.
You'll just have to hit rock bottom to come to your senses.
If that's case then,
I do have a definite goal.
So, are you in?
Perfect for drinking with singing and dancing.
♫ That's how life is.
♫ Everyone comes empty-handed.
♫ Stories as precious as gems,
♫ I will live spreading them in this world
♫ Don't be disappointed in yourself.
♫ You can’t do it all well.
♫ All you have to do is live tomorrow better than today.
♫ Life is about now.
♫ Amor fati.
area
♫ Amor fati
Cafe area
Credit
I'll clean everything up.
What are you doing? You should just get off work.
No, it's okay. Give me that.
The splendid party is over.
It disappeared leaving only the traces...
The age 30.
Kim Byeong Ho, you son of a bitch.
I am going to erase all traces of you!
You know that my parents had a dreadful love and left each other for yet another dreadful love.
I'm never going to marry. I'll just date instead.
Continuity of vows.
However, 30 is the age when even the vows need to be vowed.
I vow again and again
to no longer wander at the unfamiliar doorstep of adulthood.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm your new manager, Lee Seung Yu.
Hello, I'm author Seo Ji Won.
The moment I had joked about became reality>
My first love showed up as my new manager after fifteen years.
Now that we've completed face-to-face introduction, shall we go have a company dinner?
Let's go.
Can you hold your liquor?
- Yeah, I guess.
- Entrance exam...
I was gone just for a short while since she will be starting in a few days.
Let's have a celebratory toast. Bring it in!
- Thank you!
- Nice to meet you!
- Congratulations!
Wow, it's really nice.
Maybe he isn't the Lee Seung Yu I know.
I think he is, though.
Everyone is going to drink till the end, right?
- Sure, we should drink.
- Ah, I am going to have to take care of everyone again.
Once he starts drinking...
Then why would someone like that...
Or maybe he isn't?
- Always the last one.
- Ah, you must be the type to just talk.
Right, there's no way something that happens only in dramas is going to happen in real life.
No.
Have I changed too much?
- I couldn't have gotten into a big trouble.
- Ah, you shouldn't touch the family.
The CEO put in a real effort...
What the heck was I imagining yesterday?
Look at how pathetic you are, Seo Ji Won.
- Goppa, he's Goppa! (T/N: thankful oppa)
- Ah, everyone is going to misunderstand.
Why is it raining all of a sudden?
Seo Ji Won.
Assistant Manager Lee.
I've missed you, Seo Ji Won.
♫  Before I can notice, you came into my heart  ♫
♫  You became the shade and a place to rest  ♫
♫  Ah ah~ After I met you, my day is  ♫
♫  completely filled with you  ♫
♫  As if even fear is nothing at all  ♫
♫ You made it that way ♫
♫ You are the only one who knows all my secrets ♫
♫ You are my biggest gift ♫
How To Be Thirty
Who would've thought that I'd meet you again as my manager?
I applied for the position. And "Like a Watercolor" is our story, isn't it?
That... it's a romance story, but sometimes it seems like a thriller.
- Especially that male lead character.
- Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu, why did you suddenly...
Tell me the profile of the guy I am going on a blind date with this time.
He is a 35-year-old lawyer.
Why are you cleaning out someone so young?
He looks young to you as well, right?
She's going to cause trouble, trouble.
You are totally the embodiment of a kid.
It's great to see you again.